This document describes how to write External Commands and Keypresses for
to be used with MY-Word, versions 1.21 and greater.

This method has been designed to allow any externals created to run
equally well, if some day MY-Word should run under MDOS.  Given this goal,
it is extremely important that the author of any externals take great care
to do nothing which could stand in the way of this future direction.

An external is stored as a program image file.  The user installs it by
simply running the program from the Utility menu.  The program image has
special header data to identify it as being a MY-Word external.  MY-Word
Up to four different sets of externals may be loaded at one time.  If
there is no room, no new externals may be installed.

Externals may install and uninstall themselves.  An external may also run
only once, and thus not take up any external storage space.  To work in
this way, the external must still have the MY-Word external header, but it
simply never calls the install routine.

The format of the program image follows.  The first six bytes are the same
as the standard E/A 5 loader.  The external must fit into one file and may
not exceed about 15K in length.  Following the standard six byte header
are four bytes of code.  This is where the external begins execution.
Typically this should be a branch to your start up code.  The next two
bytes are the characters "Jp" chosen for rather obvious reasons.  These
two bytes are the flag which identifies the file as a MY-Word external.
The next word is a pointer to the key table, followed by a word which is a
pointer to the command table.

The key table is made up of pairs of two word entries.  The table is
terminated with a null word.  The first word of the pair contains the key
to activate the command.  The ASCII value of the keypress is stored in the
MSB of this word.  The second word is the address to begin execution at
when this key is pressed.

The command table is similar to the key table.  It too contains pairs of
word entries.  The first word is the two letter command entered to MY-Word
to activate the command.  If it is a one letter command, the second byte
must be a blank, i.e. ASCII 32.  The second word is again the address to
begin execution of this command.

There can be as many key and command entires as you wish.  However, note
that if there are many of these tables, performance of MY-Word may be
impacted because of the constant need to scan these tables.



